Fix and document thread-safety (#272)
auth0/auth0-java: README.md

}
```

## API Clients Recommendations
The SDK implements a custom networking stack on top of the **OkHttp** library. The [official recommendation](https://square.github.io/okhttp/4.x/okhttp/okhttp3/-ok-http-client/#okhttpclients-should-be-shared) from Square is to re-use as much as possible these clients. However, it's not possible to pass an existing `OkHttpClient` instance to our `AuthAPI` and `ManagementAPI` clients. 

> Whenever you instantiate one of them, a new `OkHttpClient` instance is being created internally to handle the network requests. This instance is not directly exposed for customization. In order to reduce the resources consumption, make use a _singleton pattern_ to keep a single instance of this SDK's API clients during the lifecycle of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you instantiate a client, a new `OkHttpClient` instance is created internally to handle the network requests. This instance is not directly exposed for customization. In order to reduce resource consumption, make use of the _singleton pattern_ to keep a single instance of this SDK's API client during the lifecycle of your application.
```
